[MUSIC]
>> Mike: You've already been
using a lot of helpers today.
Link-to is a handlebars helper
that Ember brings to the party.
If and each, forms of those exist
in Handlebars as a library.
We're going to build a new one ourselves.
So it's another way of
enriching the language
that you can use to express
user interfaces and templates.
And they're great for building strings and
for really sort of simple stuff.
Especially if you don't want a DOM
element, you just want some text based on
data, or you want a value based on data,
reach for a helper.
You can optionally bind to data, so
that your helper will update
as that data changes.
But typically you don't need to do this,
because the nature of what
you're building is simple.
And if you're using a helper
inside a component and
then you can often be in a situation
where what you're rendering will
already be changing as a result of some
other higher level binding updating.
And part of this,
part of building helper as well,
is not introducing vulnerability
to cross-site scripting attacks.
And this means that essentially
you're spitting out a string
that can have HTML markup in it.
And you wanna make sure that
you're not taking in text and
just spitting it out,
cuz then people will start passing in
script tags instead of numbers and
everything will fall apart.
So Ember.Handlebars.SafeString is
the tool to use to kind of sanitize
things right before you return them from
the helper and they're sent to the DOM.
So here's an example of a helper,
number-with-units.
So you can see in the top right this is
the output that I get from the markup on
the top left, and the rest of the screen
is the implementation of this helper.
So you can see that what I get as
an argument here is a params object, and
that's an array of all of the arguments
that I receive, so that the in the first
position I'm gonna get quantity and then
the second position I'm gonna get units.
And then I'm in this case using
the Ember inflector, which is just
really for taking plural words and
making them singular and vice versa, so
that I can say a number and
then pluralize based on that number.
So this is a great example
where I don't really care,
this isn't a DOM element I'm building.
This is a nice string based
on data that I'm building.
And it's worth noting that,
you see the way that you use a helper,
the way that you consume it, in this
example, is by just passing arguments.
And if this is how link-to works, right,
where we can just pass we have a first
position, a second position, and
you kind of understand how that works and
you get used to it.
You can also have named
arguments that will happen
after all of your unnamed arguments.
So after framework, we could have
something that's like bold equals true.
And all of the named arguments that you
pass in will come in through that hash
function or argument in helper itself
that I've commented out there.
So you can actually mix and match.
And in fact, as you get as you use link-to
with more complex cases,
you can add classes to it.
You can customize it further with
options that follow the basic
argument that we've been
passing to that helper.
And [NOISE] I'm not
sanitizing in this case.
Because I'm not spitting out HTML,
the result is.
If you return a string
without sanitizing it and
you've got HTML, you're actually gonna
see the markup on the screen itself.
So it's gonna actually
encode everything and
you'll see HTML on the screen,
which is bad.
So this is still safe.
This is still totally safe.
But the safe way to get markup on the
screen is to create a new safe string and
return that instead of just a string.